Boschspexor main (#12706)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.boschspexor/README.md

## Discovery

The spexor discovery service will automatically find owned things.
To enable this, you have to visit the servlet page http://<<yourOPENHAB>>:<yourOPENHABport>>/spexor it will guide you through the setup.

Just create the Bosch spexor Bridge as a Thing

## Binding Configuration

No additional configuration needed. 

## Thing Configuration

The spexor thing can be configured by setting up a refresh interval.
The spexor contains 3 properties

| property                  | type   | description                                                              | editable      |
|---------------------------|--------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------|
| spexor ID                 | ID     | identifies the thing                                                     | no            |
| spexor Name               | String | given Name of the spexor                                                 | no            |
| spexor refresh interval   | number | defintion how often a spexor should check its state with the spexor API  | yes           |
                                       

## Channels

> Definition and explanation of the channels is provided in the UI.

Reviewer: It's really recommended to provide the list of all available channels in the readme. Just referring to the UI is not the way to do it..

Just create the Bosch spexor Bridge as a Thing

## Binding Configuration

No additional configuration needed. 

## Thing Configuration

The spexor thing can be configured by setting up a refresh interval.
The spexor contains 2 properties

| property                  | type   | description                                                              | editable      |
|---------------------------|--------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------|
| ID                        | ID     | identifies the thing                                                     | no            |
| spexor refresh interval   | number | definition how often a spexor should check its state with the spexor API | yes           |
                                       

## Channels

Definition and explanation of the channels is provided in the UI.
To change the observation of Burglary or other (Observation Type Burglary) you can change the state (BurglaryState f.e.) by selecting the values *deactivated* or *activated*. 
A drop-down menu should be available via the UI.

> There are also additional channels upcomming. Dependent on your use and purchased features within the spexor. The channels will be named dependent on the avaliable Observation Types defined in the official Bosch documentation https://developer.bosch.com/products-and-services/apis/spexor-api/documentation/spexor-device

Reviewer: Please put sentences on a single line:
```suggestion
There are also additional channels upcoming. Dependent on your use and purchased features within the spexor.
The channels will be named dependent on the available Observation Types defined in the official Bosch documentation https://developer.bosch.com/products-and-services/apis/spexor-api/documentation/spexor-device
```
--> available

> If you have subscribed to Fire it will automatically appear as a new channel. Same for any sensor values that are unlocked / available on your spexor. The implementation is dynamically updateing your model as soon as your feature is available. If any channel or sensor value will not be available any more it won't get updated and also would disappear. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have subscribed to Fire it will automatically appear as a new channel. Same for any sensor values that are unlocked / available on your spexor.
The implementation is dynamically updating your model as soon as your feature is available.
If any channel or sensor value will not be available any more it won't get updated and also would disappear. 
```

--> updating

# BoschSpexor Binding

> In short what is spexor: spexor is a smart IoT device that enables you to observe your environment by measuring this different kind of embedded sensors. It is a mobile device and can be used in Europe on your travels but also at home, in your garden shelter or wherever you want to use it. It only needs a WiFi connection or mobile network to connect. If you would like to get more details, we recommend visiting our website https://www.spexor-bosch.com 13.

Reviewer 2: Split sentences on newline. remove the trailing 13.

With the new add-on for openHAB we would like to enable your smart home or maybe your smart mobile environment to get connected to your other systems and enable new possibilities.
Getting an indication of your air quality and visualizing this via your smart light bulbs or just getting a voice reminder if it got to a certain level could be an option. You can also enable the burglary on defined rules as you like and play sounds or do other stuff if the spexor has observed an intrusion.

> It’s on you being creative without borders to enable the world of the Bosch spexor to get it integrated into your smart X.

Reviewer 2: Please remove this

> Let us know what you have achieved with your custom setup. Maybe you help others to get also inspired too.

Reviewer 2: and this

## Supported Things

This plugin supports the first generation of Bosch spexor

## Discovery

The spexor discovery service will automatically find owned things.
To enable this you have to visit the servlet page http://<<yourOPENHAB>>:<yourOPENHABport>>/spexor it will guide you through the setup.

Just create the Bosch spexor Brigde as a Thing

## Binding Configuration

> no additional configuration needed. 

Reviewer 2: Start the sentence with a capital

## Thing Configuration

> The spexor thing can be configured by setting up an refresh interval.

Reviewer 2: a refresh interval

The spexor contains 3 properties

| property                  | type   | description                                                              | editable      |
|---------------------------|--------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------|
| spexor ID                 | ID     | identifies the thing                                                     | no            |
| spexor Name               | String | given Name of the spexor                                                 | no            |

> | spexor refresh interval   | number | defintion how often a spexor should check his state with the spexor API  | yes           |

Reviewer 2: typo? defintion
his => its

                                       

## Channels

> Defintion and explanation of the channels is provided in the UI.

Reviewer 2: Typo Defintion
